Admissions Criteria:

Our Master's of Science in Applied Data Science program gives you the tools to enhance your programming skills and build the managerial expertise to rise to the next level in your data science career. 
Develop an advanced business and technical skillset and immediately begin leading data-driven solutions in organizations across industries.
The program incorporates collaborative online classes and experiential learning opportunities, preparing you to enter a growing field in as few as 18 months. No GRE required to apply.
The MS in Applied Data Science from the School of Information Studies explores leading edge coding and technical analysis techniques professionals need to derive insights in modern business settings.

In addition to developing data mining and machine learning competencies, you will advance your proficiency in languages such as Python and R, allowing you to expertly process and synthesize large unstructured data sets in the field.
Complete a Rigorous, Holistic Curriculum
The multidisciplinary online data science master’s curriculum draws upon computer science, social sciences, statistics, management, and law. Students use the latest tools and analytical methods to work with data at scale, 
derive insights from complex and unstructured data, and solve real-world problems.

Flexible Program Paths
The 27-unit, hyrid program is designed for the working professional’s schedule and can be completed on one of three paths: accelerated, standard, or decelerated.

The accelerated path gives students the opportunity to take three courses per semester to complete the program in as few as 12 months.

The standard path is designed for working professionals and can be completed in 18 months, with two courses per semester.

Capstone
MIDS students complete a capstone by executing a culminating project that integrates the core skills and concepts learned throughout the program. 
The capstone combines the technical, analytical, interpretive, and social dimensions required to design and execute a full data science project. 
Students learn integral skills that prepare them for long-term professional success in the field

The decelerated path allows students to drop down to one course per semester after the first term and complete the program in no more than 32 months.
Learn alongside students from companies such as:

Boeing

General Electric

Hewlett-Packard

IBM

Johnson & Johnson

Goldman Sachs

Google

JPMorgan Chase

Mastercard

Microsoft


Admissions Criteria for future Applicants:
The master’s in data science program is seeking applicants who can make a positive impact on the community and beyond. A complete application must include the following:
Online application
Official transcripts
Statement of Purpose and additional admissions statements
Two professional letters of recommendation
Current resume
Application fee
Optional: GRE or GMAT scores
TOEFL scores (if applicable)
Bachelor’s degree or higher from from an accredited university
Overall GPA of 3.7 or higher
Must be a citizen of the United States or be eligible to live and attend school in the country

Preferred but not required:
Extracurricular and leadership involvement
Educational program participation in academic societies, clubs, or any other extra curricular activity


Required skills: Programming proficiency/programming experience in a high-level language such as R or Python analytical thinking advanced math ability to troubleshoot complicated errors strong analytical thinking high level of quantitative ability working knowledge of fundamental computer concepts ability to communicate effectively




