Kabul's Women Come Out of Hiding Many Welcome Chance to Work or Attend School but Hesitate to Shed Veils 
 Afghan Women Wait for Their Closed World to Open Freedom No one is celebrating the Taliban's fall yet, but hopes have been raised that they may walk the streets, shop for food and attend school.
'Small Steps' for Afghan Women's Rights In Rebel-Held Area, Freedom to Work Comes Despite Conservative Moral and Social Customs 
A post-Taliban Afghanistan must heed women 
Female Foes of Taliban Seeking Support Abroad Afghan Group Says Women Are Angry, Want Freedom and Rights Restored
The doctor who defied the Taliban  Sima Samar works tirelessly for women 
WOMEN'S RIGHTS COLUMN ONE An Anger Behind the Veil Taliban rule has confined most Afghan women to head-to-toe shrouds and home. Many see U.S. action as their best hope for a freer life. 
WOMEN IN AFGHANISTAN The Beauty Shop Beckons in Post-Taliban Kabul 
All smiles, Afghan girls go back to school  Jalalabad Girls' School No. 2 has no books and can't pay its teachers, but students are eager to pick up educations suspended by the Taliban. 
Veil Is Lifted in Mazar-e Sharif New Freedoms Embraced as City Emerges From Taliban Rule 
Taliban gone, but scars of oppression remain  Though life in Kabul has changed, women continue to wear burqas, saying `We have lived in darkness for so long that now we are afraid of the light.' 
The women's war  Of all the Taliban's many enemies, few oppose them with such bitter passion as the women of Afghanistan, whose place in society is now scarcely higher than that of animals. But some, reports Raymond Whitaker, have taken their lives in their hands to fight for their rights 
In Kabu, Still a Veil of Fear / Even as Taliban's grip fades, women wary of freedom 
Flouting the Taliban / Refugees organize to educate Afghan women 
THE MUSIC MAN In Afghan Town, Residents Find a New Harmony Culture A wedding singer is free to croon again in post- Taliban era. Television and girls schools also come out into the open.
Thinking Outside The Burqa Nasrine Gross Aims To Undo What the Taliban Has Done To Afghan Women 
Despair punctuated by atrocities  World finally learning of brutal crimes against women, children and minorities in Afghanistan 
AFTER THE ATTACK MILITARY THREATS Parents Beg Taliban to Free Workers Afghanistan One woman's father offers to take her place. The two Americans were arrested on charges of trying to spread Christianity. 
First lady turns gaze to Afghan women
Off to work with new resolve  Afghan women inch back into jobs, while men remain reluctant. 
8 Western Aid Workers Are Freed Va. Woman Is Among Those Ferried Out of Afghanistan by U.S. Helicopters 
The Lure of Schooling Draws a Crowd Education In a city suddenly free of the Taliban, girls flock to a place where they're told they can learn.
A battle for half the population  Afghan activist says democracy is only way to bring end to oppression of women
Advocates Gain New Sympathy for Afghan Women Attacks Open Ears to Taliban's Sexism
For many Afghan women, bare faces and lives resumed 
Women hope rights will be unveiled  Group plans march on U.N. offices today 
Women's escape was straight out of a movie  CIA agent, a signal fire and a helicopter led to freedom
`Small steps' toward rights for women  Work-for-food program making a difference 
War in Afghanistan Freedom Burkas stay on as women of the capital await their liberation Rout of Taliban fails to improve the female lot
Girls' goal- 'to study in peace'  Afghani children eager to learn in rough and tumble school at refugee camp 
Changing Faces of Kabul / With no Taliban, women go public and men shave 
Afghan American Women No Longer Suffer Alone After Years of Assailing Taliban Persecution, Female Expatriates Find Sympathy in Wake of Attacks 
Woman's journey to Afghanistan inspired movie 
Education Offers Women in Northern Afghanistan a Ray of Hope
Voices from behind the veil  Women in conservative Islamic societies talk about their lives, and how the West perceives them. 
War in Afghanistan Civil rights Unveiled the secret life of women The female victims of the Taliban's brutal five-year regime yearn for greater choice and freedom priority
Behind the Burka Women Subtly Fought Taliban
Afghan activist with unveiled ambition  Since arriving last year, Faranaz Nazir has worked to improve education, healthcare for women.
Activists Now Have Audience for Plight Of Afghan Women 
Reveling In The Freedom To Learn / New worlds open for Afghan girls 
First lady cites Taliban abuse of women 
Training Camp of Another Kind In Pakistan, defiant young Afghan women bent on reversing years of brutal oppression study and plan. To them, the conflict has no good guys. 
Taliban Holdouts, and Support for Civil Liberties and Afghan Women
Founding Mothers After five years as virtual prisoners--and decades of rape and abuse--Afghan women get another role establishing a new country 
Afghan law weighs heavy on women  Rigid social rules still firmly in place despite ouster of Taliban 
Afghan women taste freedom again 
Enemies within  Afghan women feel the brutality of religious zealotry on own terrain 
Dress Code For Burkha Businesses In Kabul, the Future Is Veiled in Doubt --- The Taliban Forced Women To Wear the Tent-Like Robe
With Islamic Dress, Out Goes the Guy Who Sold Burkhas --- As Oppressed Afghan Women Shed the Look, Mr. Islamadin Gets Into the Glassware Biz
A battle for half the population  Afghan activist says democracy is only way to bring end to oppression of women 
Laura Bush Gives Radio Address First Lady Says Fight Is for Dignity of Afghan Women, Children 
In Talks on Afghan Future, Women Aren't Present Many Fear Exclusion Could Prevent Creation Of a Fair Government 
Church rejoices in women's release  Congregation held a continuous vigil for two who were in Afghan prison 
The Women, Veils Shed, Demonstrate
Minister has hopes for Afghan women 
Uprooted and Blooming Leaving their careers behind, Afghan women found a new role in the U.S. head of household.
 Afghans at Summit Pick a Premier Germany Near accord on pact, delegates choose Hamid Karzai, a Pushtun, for top post in interim council. At least one woman will be a minister, U.N. officials say. 
Education Resources Key stage 4 Age 14-16 Afghan women seek their right to choose
Little noticed before Sept. 11, 'Kandahar' and other films about the plight of Afghan women are suddenly in the spotlight 
Intolerance Follows Muslim Women Here 
ATTACK ON AFGHANISTAN The fall of Mazar-i-Sharif - Alliance promises freedom for women 
Women Must Have a Role In New Afghan Leadership 
'A TALK WITH' Zohra Yusuf Daoud / Kabul to Malibu / Former Miss Afghanistan is now a women's activist 
Burning burqas led copters to captives  Safe in Pakistan, the aid workers sprung from a Taliban prison tell a dramatic tale of their ordeal. 
Afghan Women Fear Their Voices Will Be Muffled 
Lifting the veil does not liberate women  `It ill behoves Western women to denounce the veil as a symbol of oppression alone' 
Speaking Up for Afghan Women
The face of fear hidden behind a veil of tyranny Taliban's War on Women
After September 11 Anwar come home British Muslim Anwar Khan is a prisoner of the Northern Alliance, accused of fighting for the Taliban. But is he really a radical fundamentalist? No, says his family, he's a drug addict whom they sent to Pakistan to clean up. So why isn't the government fighting for his release? 
Walking a Fine Line in Showcasing Women and Dealing With Muslim Allies
 Afghan Expatriates Thrill to Woman's Appointment Transition Sima Samar, advocate for women and children's health and education, was already a heroine to ethnic Hazaras in Quetta, Pakistan.
The Prison of the Veil In the name of morality, religious police enforce a brutal code of sexual apartheid
Burqa Is All About Why This War Matters 
War&Peace Part two Afghanistan Out from the veil - a brave new face, the same old scars 
Afghan MD heads to cabinet  'There's a lot of strong women under those burqas,' activist says 
Women here are fighting for Afghan sisters 
Cherie Blair lauds Afghan women's spirit 
Va. Woman's Friends Celebrate Her Release Cautious Joy Gives Way to Tears of Relief 
Answering a Call Abroad Groups Say Women's Story May Lead Others to Missions 
Afghan feminist connects  Message makes impression on Oakton audience 
In Kabul, DVD's and TV's Fill the Shopping Bags Burkas Sit on the Shelves
War in Afghanistan Beyond the burka Cherie joins campaign for Afghan women
Afghan woman warns against repeating mistakes
In Kandahar, a Top School Reopens, and Girls Are Welcome
She took on the Taliban
She Spoke for Taliban And Now Pays a Price
Will we sell out Afghan women?
Teacher and her girls foil Taliban
Media - British woman journalist held by Taliban `was dressed as Afghan'
Kabul relishes first taste of peace ; Streets coming to life after rout of hated Taliban
MD aims to better the lives of women
Kabul relishes first taste of peace ; Streets coming to life after rout of hated Taliban
Women reclaim streets but face long fight for rights
Task Force on Afghan Future / Immigrant woman on advisory panel
Women deserve a voice in Afghan reconstruction
The beauty secrets of Asian women
Male abuse of women is an act of terrorism ; At least 50 per cent of women have been victims of physical or sexual assault some time in their lives
Paradise Lost; The Aid Worker Felt the Afghans' Sorrow but Not Their Fear. Then She Came Home.
A woman's place: Afghan Cabinet ; Health minister vows to get others' jobs back
Church rejoices in women's release ; Congregation held 24-hour prayer vigil for two who were in Afghan prison
After Sept. 11, where were the women?
Bittersweet Celebration / In Kabul, poverty diminishes holiday ending Ramadan
Lives of Afghan women
Afghan women
New hope for women in Kabul ; Will Northern Alliance live up to expectations?
Women: Cover story: The headscarf, or hijab, is widely seen as a symbol of oppression. But if it's that simple, why do so many British Muslim women insist on wearing it - even if their husbands ask them not to? 
The year in women ; Heroines and hard workers, creators and crusaders--here are some we watched
World's feminists are divided on Afghan war
You ask the questions: Frederick Forsyth ; (Such as: so, Frederick Forsyth, why do you dislike Tony Blair so much? And do men make better spies than women?)
Afghan activist decries U.S. bombing ; Woman presents sober lessons on impact of war
Living under veil of suffocation
The Mood of a Restive Border Town Deteriorates Under Hardship of War; Pakistan: Desperation grows in Chaman, where businesses legal and otherwise are hurting.
Uncovered, in a league of their own ; Muslim Women's Games bars men so females can compete without their veils
The Proud, the Anxious Wives of the Marines
Special Report: Sharing power is hard to do; Herat
A liberated woman is back on the job
Afghans play down burqa issue
How To Strike Back; Americans want vengeance now. But this is a war like no other. Bush's first challenge: finding the enemy. He'll need the world's help
In Pakistan, a Gentler Side of Islam; To Most Adherents, Faith Promotes Peace and Tolerance, Not War
Dissidents in Iran Find Unlikely Hero In Son of the Shah --- Beamed From Los Angeles, Pahlavi Calls for Freedom --- Symbol of the Past Reaches New Generation
A Mission Under Wraps / Taking on the burqa to save a suicidal sister
Kabul Women Stay Covered Up Despite Liberation
Afghan females do the unthinkable--learn
The Family `Yvonne will be getting her own way during this,' says journalist's mother
In praise of the veil
Women hold the centre
Kabul Market Offers Hope, A Better Life; Weary Shepherds Take First Step Toward Prosperity
Support the women
For Afghan Leader, American Support of Another Sort
Tradition favours burqas
Where Muslim Traditions Meet Modernity: FORCE OF ISLAM: A Woman's Place
Arab Regimes Breed Discontent and Anger at U.S., Analysts Say; Mideast: Washington is allied with repressive governments and hasn't pushed democracy.
Britain's terror connection ; U.K. crackdown on radical Islamists is driving network further underground
Living in a World Without Women
Once and future amir plans his return to Herat 
Liberating Fatma: The Centrality Of The Need To Address The Rights And Roles Of Women
Listening for Islam's silent majority ; As Osama bin Laden calls for a jihad, and militants rally, where are the moderate Muslims?
From Statesmanship to Capitalism, Afghan Family Leads; Clan: While one brother prepares to run his war-torn country, another epitomizes U.S. entrepreneurial spirit.
Muslims in Indonesia cherish their freedoms
From Burqas To Abayas
Web-savvy and wired into the women's movement This life
Serving others is a family affair for Karzai clan
MILITARY TRIBUNALS; Bush Defends War Tribunals as Necessary; Terrorism: Military trials and other tough tactics can protect freedoms, the president says. Ashcroft unveils plan to help informers with their residency status.
U.S. War Success Slows Spread of Political Islam --- Fundamentalists Lose Influence in Kuwait
For Marine wives, the front is at home ; Task is to keep life marching on
After Two Months, Some Receive Food, but Others Can Only Watch
Pakistani Bank Freezes Accounts; U.S. Targeted Al-Rasheed Trust as Source of Terrorist Funds
Families' stories shed light on new ally's rights record
Guerrilla Girls drop 'estrogen bomb'
