EVE OF AFGHANISTAN ELECTIONS, Focus on women's rights, As the nation gears up for unprecedented presidential vote, women's lives have improved, but dangers and rigid traditions remain threats
Risky revival of Afghan theater puts women center stage
Free of Taliban's Yoke, 2 Afghan Women Rise Again
Classes lift Afghanistan's war widows ; Vocational training gives Afghan women the means to care for themselves and their children.
G2: Women: We will have our say: More than two million women have registered to vote in Afghanistan's forthcoming elections - despite repeated threats and violence from the Taliban.
Afghan women athletes finally free to compete
The US and Britain used the oppression of Afghan women to justify their intervention. That's not how it's seen on the ground: The winners are warlords, not women
In Afghanistan, women still lack voice:
Taking On Afghan's Status Quo; Female Doctor Campaigns to Lead Country Past Taliban Legacy
Beauty and the burqa ; Under the Taliban, Afghan women were forbidden from showing their faces. Now they're rediscovering the arts of make-up and hairdressing - with a little help from their American sisters.
Harvesting the Roots of a New Revolution; Some Afghan Women Find Economic Freedom, Dietary Benefits in Vegetable Crops
Free vote just illusion for millions of Afghans; Few women allowed to participate, says human rights group Men still rule their lives despite boasts of progress
After a Long Wait, Afghan Women Step Up to Vote
In Search of Freedom, Afghan Wives Make a Grisly Choice
Jalal Challenges Karzai, Status Quo; Female Pediatrician Fights To Lead Afghanistan Past A Legacy of Taliban Curbs
Activists: Afghan women no better off ; U.S. accused of not fulfilling promises
Afghan Women, Picturing a New Future
Hurdles Are Their Best Event; Muslim women in the Olympic Games have overcome obstacles few Western female athletes can imagine. But the race is far from won.
Chronicling the History of Their Afghan Sisters
Afghan Women Strive to Mix New Liberties and Old Beliefs
Separating fact from fiction in Afghanistan ; In Asne Seierstad's `The Bookseller of Kabul', Shah M was portrayed as a domestic tyrant who abandoned his wife. Now he plans to set the record straight
Afghans turn out for historic vote; 10 million eligible to choose first elected president Woman living as refugee casts first vote in Pakistan
Free at Last, Islamic Women Compete With Abandon
Change slow to come for Pakistani women
'No one wants to be the first to bring his wife to vote'
Faith & Reason: Why do the faiths let the subjugation of women continue? ; A faith worth its salt ought to be working towards the liberation of all, with or without the support of the surrounding culture
Afghans Try Their Hand at Democracy; Elders tell their villages how to vote. Husbands keep wives from the polls. Warlords have huge clout. Still, today's election is a milestone.